STMicroelectronics — Software Algorithm/Embedded Intern
Location: Santa Clara, CA (IN-PERSON, not remote)
Start: Fall 2026 semester, approximately September
Pay: $32–$43/hr base
Captured: 2026-08-03

OUR STORY

At ST, we believe in the power of technology to drive innovation and make a
positive impact on people, business, and society. We are a global semiconductor
company, and our advanced technology & chips forms the hidden part of the world
we live in today.

When you join ST, you will be part of a global business of more than 115+
nationalities and present in 40 countries, 50,000+, diverse and dedicated
creators & makers of technology around the world!

Developing technologies takes more than talent: it takes amazing people who
understands collaboration and respect. People with passion and desire to disrupt
the status quo, push boundaries and drive innovation - whilst unlocking your own
potential.

Working at ST means innovating for a future that we want to make smarter,
greener, in a responsible and sustainable way. Our technology starts with you.
Join us and start the future!

ST is excited to welcome an Software Algorithm/Embedded Intern at our office
located in Santa Clara, CA.

IMPORTANT NOTES

- We are looking for an intern who can start during the Fall 2026 semester
  (approximately in September).
- This position is NOT a remote position. The intern is required to go in-person.

YOUR ROLE

- Design an implementation of algorithms, data collection experiments,
  integration and verification on embedded platforms.
- Contribute to the development of novel algorithms to recognize the pattern of
  activities based on sensor data for applications such as motion tracking
  optical systems.
- Assist in development of firmware for algorithm implementation on different
  platforms.
- Responsible for the design, development, testing and delivery of sensor
  software drivers and algorithms for mobile / wearable / industrial /
  automotive platforms.

YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCES

- Working towards a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science,
  Electrical Engineering, Physics or equivalent field.
- Experience with implementing algorithms on embedded platforms using C, C++
  programming language.
- Experience with Python and tools used for Machine Learning analysis and
  development.

COMPENSATION

At STMicroelectronics, base salary is one part of our total compensation package
and is determined within a range depending on your skills, qualifications,
experience, and location. The base hourly rate range for this role is between
$32 and $43 USD.

We encourage candidates who may not meet every single requirement to apply, as
we appreciate diverse perspectives and provide opportunities for growth and
learning. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) is part of our company culture.
Our DEI vision is, "At ST, you can be the true version of yourself", we value all
employee contributions and have zero tolerance for any kind of discrimination.

Joining us is also about a greater work-life balance and workplace with equal
opportunities. Dedicated Employee Resource Groups for women and LGBTQIA+, hybrid
work arrangements are amongst the many DEI & Sustainability initiatives that make
us a great place to evolve your career.

To discover more, visit st.com/careers
