Heliux — Software Engineer Intern
Location: NOT STATED IN POSTING — find out before applying
Term: NOT STATED
Pay: NOT STATED
Captured: 2026-08-04

WHY HELIUX

Heliux is building the AI-native operating system for the manufacturing
enterprise. We're fundamentally reshaping how engineering and manufacturing
companies run by eliminating cross-functional fragmentation and enabling agentic
execution on a single, shared operational reality. Companies developing and
scaling production of next-generation defense systems, nuclear reactors,
robotics, and more all trust Heliux to drive their operations.

We're on a mission to deliver unprecedented operating performance for
manufacturers. Our team is built on a foundation of grit combined with deep
commitment to our customers and the mission. If you want to do important work
for critical industries on an ambitious, high-energy team, we'd love for you to
join us.

ABOUT THE ROLE

Engineers at Heliux are directly responsible for end-to-end design, development,
and delivery of our core software platform. As an intern, the expectation is
that you will operate at the same capacity as a full-time engineer.

- Acquire expertise in hardware engineering and manufacturing through immersive,
  hands-on problem-solving with our customers.
- Rapidly design, build, test, deliver, and maintain complex software systems
  that are performant, reliable, and scalable.
- Contribute to the high-level technical direction of both the organization and
  the platform to ensure we are always accelerating the velocity of our work.
- Relentlessly solve any and all technical problems that stand in the way of
  company objectives—and therefore, our success.

ABOUT YOU

- Proven experience building complex, scalable software systems from zero-to-one
  —i.e., problem identification to production-grade solution.
- Demonstrated proficiency in programming languages such as Rust, Python, Java,
  TypeScript, or similar.
- Inherent desire to operate with extreme levels of urgency across all aspects
  of life and work.
